oh hello january good and what we want most is that the
brazil go back to normality we always said that we have two problems o
virus has to do with life the job it will pass a tip and without health life
unhealthy life is unhealthy ie who is most likely to have
serious problem when purchasing the book the elderly and those who have as moisture they have
wesley who has an unregulated life does not have diseases before it comes
have a good adequate diet and know a large part of the population doesn’t have no
has as a food habit there is no way, right there is no way once by work
of him or doesn’t have the resources to buy a cut food and if the people who pray
her life wanting excuse redundancy is even worse her day to day so the
collection of the job is necessary with care to have the defense now ok
defending just one right my atheist you loose my side uses shows the rest
there that is the care will only come with your grandfather
and I'm 65 years old that taking care has to take care of myself is not
my mom who's alive is ok and touches the boat there worried is life is reality dies
many more people of dread are often the ones who do not act in a circus so the dread
it also kills it takes stress it fatigue the big foot doesn’t sleep well is always
worried i will die if it gets weird i will die life ok there you do
research right what is easier is to die from this accident and such or with this
virus the other heart virus has always been
and then we go away the day is here regrets death once again everybody
that you will leave for sure so in front of the menu to do any
religion religion to follow today at the meeting and video conference for bench
catholic for very dumb we didn't hit and the name of the city ran away here i will visit
a city of goiás in the top city of catholicism
come on we plant respect all catholic and evangelical evangelical
evangelical freedom religion of truth of truth and the most sacred thing that
as we can see here on earth not even a few
and it takes malice when I say keep talking, right? You saw something for me.
important than life and freedom I love the woman in prison I don't see right and
we must take care of our freedom at all times I don't know who said it
the time ago I heard on cnn live workers there did not speak so
those who give up part of their freedom to have a little more security do not
deserves the same business thing so freedom
after all freedom is priceless whether it is to suck until I bring it here to the
tarcísio here the punishment there my friend from the military academy of
smartest black needles sir did nemo is not the size of
head look and I’ve already improved quickly isn’t
starting making the cell phone camera had gone back to hell and neither and then
it was even good to use the vote, even in bed, right?
in contact with rodrigo maya it was decided there is the enemy for when such
half a month will let some time go by so people talk about joining the
municipal elections this year I will not enter this one already has too many problems
what the congress like the tse decide we go after
tell me something that put the work the new protocol in fact the
recommendation on chloroquine, that is, and there are a lot of people who say they figured
with that and in são paulo we have kalil now the
governor of roraima cut me here now i will call from the wrong gulf will
tell the truth the scene was committed and I’m on the street
hydroxychloroquine with azithromycin caesar we know it has no proof
scientific and has no remedy right now if you take this remedy to cure
the doctor of people that the name of those who took chloroquine at the very beginning
hydroxychloroquine and from vivo, put some medicine in it, it will hold right, but the great
most die alive, you open up your experience
tastes from private hospitals to other audiences because of their
camouflaged why because the March 31 protocol from the previous start
previous previous previous right there was that you could only make use of the
a little bit in a serious condition so it was the new understanding of a
recommendation that hydroxychloroquine is released there is also correct in
sus network now what happens right the information we have that such
has been taught there you had to be on the road for some time now
time the other means hidden there because the doctor has to follow the
protocol really now to whine is a group of senators from the en entered
I think yesterday today in the court of accounts of the union with the application
asking for this understanding of ours, you know, that is called a protocol is also let
to be valid, that is to say back basically what it was before the sus staff didn’t
can use the part of the private hospitals in the
person who has more resources even good because people who can pay the plan
his health everyone is public already has
I'm sorry, I’m requesting Mr. humberto costa pt from pernambuco who wants to
do against a poor person does not have access to hydroxychloroquine and if he does not have access
what can happen is the pharmacy disappearing the hydroxychloroquine will
for the black exchange there will be worth turning into 2005 1000 plus a styrofoam box
ripped appeals is senator humberto costa from pt of pernambuco and has already been middle of
health as we have no other remedy let the poor tacui doso that his kind of
disease to make use of free runs in hospitals even the things that at least
love of god is life the pt cannot take the right to fight for the life of any
one more and more I convince myself right
an ideological fight is a party fight going out from the beginning I speak
metrote I put it because I know I'm not a doctor another guy said that she
on any mission but I'm not a doctor not only a diver, but ah
cool i went to the iron ok now
the inheritance my mother is 93 years old was planned asian tarciso
now he even gave him some works in the region of the ribeira valley to visit the
port of saints most important in latin america and why i canceled
what i already learned that my aunt certain agglomerations the company has to
hit me and go I visit my mom then she takes
and coronavirus doesn’t say I don’t know that having my mother I know how
it works like this accounts believe me if you want i think he asked taking name
of magazine 50 more or less space in miracatu delivers then my mother my
mother was at that time 80 he is 38 years old 87 88 years old in badness a reporter
asked her today, there was something to talk about, the poor old lady records a station wagon seven
children I didn’t understand anything about the police even at her age when I didn’t
my son never mentioned the second rule
talk nonsense underneath say that now didn’t talk nonsense how to make a
cowardice of the Globo network is to say that this magazine next week that I
I bring him here to show you
having my mother could not be your mother your grandmother is great grandmother my mother
and my mother is already a great-grandmother, she suffered a malice like that of the glasses on the globe.
reach a day this is not printed in a regrettable press is going to have a lot
thing to talk about and you know tomorrow if god wants to lie here
it's like a silvana missile said that until friday it would talk about the tape right
those two hours it takes to sell the ministerial that was recorded
all of them in almost all the minas gerais or tapes took some scenes that
interested he used to pick up lines when they talk about the west-east railroad wire
west-east integration that little bit behind
and when I was there, it says and then
the ex-minister saying that on the tape there was proof of my interference that that I
I didn’t say my life for I’m going to pay a very high price my whole life
saying that I said proof of an interference with the federal police so
we hold the tape his initial cinema asked for and respect him the constitution the
his legitimate right to question to judge we gave our lives we did the
request of the attorney of the attorney the attorney general of the union the lord and for
who is it that is here that would be divulged if the daughter understood the right
interested parties inquiry and then we open up even more everything i talked about
can be released is sure to two small passages 15 seconds each
that he talks about international politics is one thing to understand you security and
obviously what the boys say and how it has nothing to do with the restless
is because we talked there will already have 30 more regions and even today we
we are often in the informality you fight with another side a
the bus calls the others fat, you know, the swearing version is also not the language
no one offended but he don't know what I don't know what happens another
I deserve to miss it, this is not the case of making this public, he is not the one who can
a large part of the media is not the one that always puts me cursing and
collecting to see if this man has conditions is up to the position that
represent and put me swearing it’s not around my god in heaven it seems
that we are all in the same boat if Brazil flies more people but I don't know
where we will have to advertise in the globe on the leaf in the state newspaper Jornal do Comércio worth
economic and everything control of the press that I always talk about in the company
you had a live a friendly word for censorship differently from in the pt in the
past because he saw the treatment discloses it is true without
no problem but the crazy guy is not going there, for example, a guy who has
intentions of the testimony of the headline with even playing as if it were the truth
absolute value is important here the acids that do not form the prices of
area cases for our minister of structure i think not me in brazil
I'm very happy with him, it's the ministry, too, I didn't have any problems, right, but there are
many assignments mexico bids with works you take in the past the
problems that we have in brazil that passed through the state of transport only
problem basically the tarciso in addition to formed by the tender of the big bed
today I'm going to bring a tender here ok
how many vacancies has the merger of the two hours had for the national course
you go first according to the Styrofoam the million 1 million is going down
for the first the coconut already just for fun let's learn to
and I am also I am I have a course in the card I did, right, because I always pay attention
you see then, there was an exception over the weekend that we had one
railway mesh union court of law issue that concern
wow huh which transport a hug and even after the rail after
from the bus station then it was already famous here the railroad due to
something from the São Paulo network decided by the text in a week
and yesterday was a historic day for not unfortunately there remembering a
little of the transition if I said let's put Brazil in the videos it's coming back
seeming simple and for us there in the structure we want to put us
we literally want to do railroads that increase the participation of the mountain
at the headquarters everyone complaining in Brazil we have a lot
truck circulating road mode predominates let's do railroad of
need railroad we are going to make railroads yesterday we had
then an exquisite decision by the missionaries, did a technical job
sensational, authorizing the federal government to extend the
concession of the paulista network is the network that cuts the entire state of são paulo is
bitter that receives the cargo that comes from the Midwest and Tocantins and Goiás by
north-south railroad in the lord granted last year was there to sign a contract
that is already under construction and that will start operating next year from now on
here until the the police brand amália who will receive the
cargo that comes from the thick forest that will receive the cargo that comes from the state of
minas são paulo rio de janeiro to the port of santos because it is a must see there
with the north-south railway to have a railroad connection to ours it receives all the
load will arrive at the built can create the next elevated train we are
full steam there in the works of the north-south railway inauguration the governor
whitewashed from goiás wonderful reception I thank her for that party
wonderful state of goiás including trains how are the
training we work with aesthetics are the stacked containers is
one content on top of the other that increases the capacity and that decision of the tcu of
missionary about the São Paulo network is historic because it is as follows it will
generate six billion in investments in the next five years she will see and say
40 municipalities in the state of são paulo and will serve five million people
it takes more than the region of são paulo but you have water all over it, it cuts the
state of são to the east to the port of santos when it was
boy lived in jundiaí looking for a while in vianelo neighborhood and vila neighborhood
progress in jundiaí do you remember him jorge rua 107 107 ok and in spite of us
moments of leaving my family from campinas will get another one there and there is a
the one that stays in our heads, right 1962 17 years old I went to get
waiting for the train with my father and there on the easel zinho is a rare thing showing
the milk books a book be a book right with globe like this done with looked like
iron bar written 1964 was father what is 6462
it's one of those passages in people's lives that you never forget it was very common
on the train you were arriving that car with the machine is not right haha ​​and
was his ticket but even the collection is now not personal
Jaakkola is the natural choice for us because now the trip of the
Vale do Ribeira was postponed because I wanted to take you to the green belly radio of
seduce but it will not show up here he was one would be a helicopter landing in
Santos is all right and there was a war shot in Cajati and then we will go to
source after attacking the neighborhood of batatão deodoro is being
done back in the middle of the road that was going to pass which city
and it's not to scream and it's in itapira itapira itapira there until your
is 20 days for the military police detachment attended sergeant I
I said path and it starts a little diego natal and I'm
fill bolsonaro use us hit the phone i called again please
say you have a number there that you can see the phone he
it was an image i want to talk to you i pa and then put the phone off the paper again
tomorrow i will call tapiraí who had help station also earlier
whoever is sorry
ah then there is a forecast for a tapiraí pass as well and then I would go back to
airport that means you have a railway that the decade was nothing
there that goes from the port of santos to cajati you already go there I think
passes in the middle akatu jacupiranga record and dies there ok the idea would be I will
take this one in the arm until the golden paulista here the terrain for more
or less plan to make logic in that sense
and this would be a private initiative but what I think
the region is given the place of the valley of the ribeira of seven bars iporanga ribeira cajati
a little bit on the side is going to be out right is the city that is there on the river ribeira de
iguape is a beautiful thing for tourism and I want to say it here in this fight
that he what i have been talking to the brazilian navy ok i have suddenly
navy with me no commander ups is over there inside my office colleague the
maria we are talking you will facilitate qualification for nautical motorcycle
the united states you get there with your family have a jet ski you sign the
term of responsibility that has no difficulty in the daughter's house do so
nowadays it is complicated already seen already accomplished something but it is complicated
yet i want pattern is very full with your family eldorado paulo
and there is a guy here 30 already said I went crazy on jet ski over there I say like this but I
below there is no way anyone can get away with jet-ski will be able to get out and another
the stone identity and you go through it all looks with respect, you know
an unimaginable thing, right, jet skiing on the river ribeira de iguape when I
fuel with a colleague my enjoyment if not long ago and I got into a fluent then
it's a little bit just that the front is small taquari isn't it a sensational thing
tourism
to make life easier for those who are there who want to invest right
I got to be an entrepreneur now it's just us making our lives easier I have chicken
for rent has always done the best I have also talked about coughing the recipe
federal government with you to facilitate the life of the Brazilian population
we did it in the meter go the company hit me because it changed all
world event a colonel of their sakura army so colleague ok don't want
I graduated there, I was there ready for concierge
sorry you even talk again to change 1600000 of the brazil cup 1990 she
tachograph that was going to pay the truck owner in the company the autonomous driver havan
believed my god in heaven you are a ready there also change the chip of each
Brazil's gas pump in this one that I have you will pay the bill
and there and also changing every taxi in Brazil so that we change every taxi in Brazil
Brazil to this new taxi on that hello the zinho test was made and it was violable as
making everyone's life easier has everything to go right brazil i will come back here
I need to say something, please go with me there in the middle of them look ok
even for us to show here this railroad and the plan's private initiative I think there is
no problem know that that is curious that there will be the family track if you
still does not have a resource to recover part of this provocation
this cricket business provocation because they will put 6 20 investment in five
years we left a capacity of 35 million tons to be 35 million
of tons we double the capacity of the terrorist while and they will be able to arrive
up to five million to 65 million tons of capacity so we're going to
stick with a modern railroad let's do contour rail let's do
duplication we will make a patio everywhere locomotive slowly a
it will be modern class the profile there is to support more load for it so we
we will start to operate with compositions with 120 balloons, that is, so starting to
modernize rail system of lateral freight price between the
road that the rail more or less the difference the more or less the
we have how we will be able to reduce today is the same as we are
increasing the rail system supply will not pass that 2530
the reflection the cheapest Brazilian food is a product produced in the field
cheaper gift in the pots suddenly sending out increases our
competitiveness and the great invocation in Brazil is
and I really let it go for a little bit here to greet brosido
getting us this has less already clean young 65,000 pan our 43,000's did
this, the young man, big door, congratulations
zé maria among others who should be on your side youtube us youtube
14,000 do not put on youtube because for three weeks in a row our facebook
there was a problem, right? So I'm also going to pull it here to take it to you in a little while
a little bit sometimes it takes a little bit quick here is the Brasileirão the taxes on
drugs test is running 1961 a financial bailout I already told bailout
here at 60 million the letter is not no so it must be doing parked
in the next few days everything was settled today we didn't buy the 27 governors that the
rodrigo maia that the drawing named after the mayor of the senate is a
aid of 60 million for states and municipalities of these is two go directly
for the holy houses she is not asked for mine is not work that exists here to
we don’t pass it into our hands but the holy house I can’t talk
that at my request because I have a special affection after all
inside a holy house that will be reborn again or in our outside judge I'm
should visit us outside the president we will make the gods want
I want to avoid the one that the whole doctor borsato but those people that
o and save my life not half a dozen september 2018
and if you saw the catholic choreographies regina duarte why did you get her
that video, right, family, okay, I’m not going to pick you up, never end
she’s past 70 70 and a little bit I’m 65 I’m with her help inside but
the family collection how was it happiness catches weighs and it will continue
by thread at the cinematheque the other one soon from the culture she will be
with us there after all we cannot live without regina duarte the eternal
girlfriend from brazil and stay here o integration railroad
west-east we had there on Monday visiting the works the works are
walking well is another step just this railway program that will double
participation in the Julian mode in the transport matrix are there with a thousand
employees working from another one again advancing in the direction of
barriers until the end of the year we must bid for the concession of the
first section of caetité panel a railroad that will serve the mineral sector
will meet the production of iron ore will meet the agribusiness is
growing a lot in extra bahia and I brought or even a souvenir for the
sir and she has a show with bahia gave to i have breakfast production
chocolate delight chocolate is not quite the
the client and prestressed being done there
here where the children fit is we put the fixing clips a
railroad of a 6 m gauge point of some we are doing brazil
in this pattern or 90-day warp from the metric gauge and the gauge
of a concept you’re standardizing everything 1.6 that I cut the minute contained
use is going to be a I asked to transport a lot of iron ore is going to
transporting grains there we have a region that produces a lot of mother-in-law
a lot of cotton is a very close region where the business is growing
a lot of speed so it's really worth making a railroad over there and we're
advancing in the direction of the islanders connection to the north-south railway
and there's another good one I'm going to sleep here for you to sleep I buy one of these
right home to sleep this stuff numbness who has insomnia like me me
I will pass to get on this train here you sent life is dormant put I will
sleeping ok right now it's colder now
just stay should be a person and if it was attention all right there is no
problem right but I didn't leave the group myself but
and soon next week to explain something to us there
need not talk about anything else that matters to the people there is a little
mad at you with something there you will be easier to make a
news here rightly complaining right he’s the tiebreaker was explaining you ok
fixing a good one is the ball a news may not even be good anymore we admire
and a lot is taking into account what happened in the past and we have to
comply with court decisions one thing in sarah done and will understand when the
green government is in the hands of people who have no commitment to the people the
people are penalized twice for their actions at that moment that doesn’t happen
with us here we can’t solve everything we want there for someone else
think I get here the base captain is captain america
it is necessary, right, Captain Colatina, he was wearing an old one, I don’t know the dog running
is going to do the job there at the house of a news about the president
giovana is the presence of the Brazilian army now there so hitting with
the army army will do the stretch of the year and six either between are are
desiderium right and in correntina is the tip of the master brazilian army or aims
last army railway endeavor was to the west the excess did
a great success mobilized their araguari battalions there they will take advantage of the
same competence that made us complete br-163 after 47
years to use on the west-east integration railway I take the tire here right there
in our military academy the black needles have to be sexuality
the fantasy cavalry and artillery engineering in war material
trend communications is each group of 500 hairs more or less just the
children but 40 50 breweries this is it with him not
the defense request the request would not give to increase a
a little from 10 to 12 13 15 per cent the gun of engineering already hits he said
that the proposal is a good channel eminence to present it is right because we want
here leave for whoever does not succeed is more battalion and constant manager agrees
with this president the best first job that we get that
sometimes humble citizen and this guy has no professional training
incorporates the army enters the engineering battalion learned an addiction will come out
from there is an expert in some area that will leave the campus earthmoving chief
that machine operator will come out for sure that they are already being sheltered by
job market has no better first memory company you the
material that made that the beatriz beatriz 59 any decreases in
day of travel time at the time of his warrant warrant there that was the goat
of the plague a lion and you got a medal for him so in that military
we take the internet, it’s not the lion, right and in fact I don’t
not with that granted that I need to value
the mass and this has enormous value is a very military recognition
often there is more of a military man who is in a cabinet in brasília who has more
chance to see the medal that helps in the promotion and sometimes it is not sometimes
being it takes justice goes to the time he’s in the troop stays a little bit
quite a lot so I trying to match that there is a complete republic that can
concede I can concede if I could even more right more was set at five
medals and obviously I no longer have the personal contact of things
the dough is then able to stay if a person who made the 163 concluded that in
sorocaba then he called back is not his fish the warrant officer was
battled and the name and can give beauty helps in promoting him a fair relationship
and this class deserved the second second second second that they worked there in
in front of you you give one is a more than fair tribute to him has a dad
has a very mean value I always wanted to be a sergeant captain is
it's not eight hours a day growing to more than 6 hours a day doubles the other
we gave this at the opening of my three, right?
when we decorated the medal it was bad there at the clover he was the first
since even the selective ones all set is the military the soldier
engaged the one that we are going to see this he earned pietra 50 réis a day
being able to work sleeping is also sleeping back Saturday R $ 50 would be that
it was a daily conversation I think it's just classic in my
who lives working from sun to sun from Sunday to Sunday but with this problem
here we had the pain in the heart and I told you that a proposed diet is going that the
attendant would pass by parliament i'm sure the foot of the bed
Senate has a problem is to approve this increase for engaged soldier
and per day worked, right, sorry, it's not her cell phone, so she too
say it, look at him, talk, he's already gone
and the matizer can be abandoned, there is an emergency, it becomes a 24-hour command
there the mack nothing back to work pay a person who give blood to
life in Brazil but you still have that intention everything there has a story for
counting is very common to find your age, you know, 60 years old and then
came up with me and remember your wish I did, forget about it please
very good again we knew each other’s food and our life the last subject
it's on my part, the week started, you pay the second installment of the aid
emergency for acidity r $ 600 and the total for 50 million people 50
times 600 already already 30 nozzle is actually a little more than 30 times a month because it had
they people he spent earning r $ 1200 then started to be paid is week
have a world calendar can't I push the button to your 50 best can
go to the bank and from there in history the bank has no way in the agglomeration expects a
much of the i pay not cash but on the card want to see the card can
make a purchase on your special savings bank card and in more or less
30 in a few days we start paying the third installment I talked to the polo
of this that the man of the economy is is a huge effort each part of these
of those 50 million people is equivalent to one year of family allowance so it is
paying him 12 12 bags good treatment per month who's making a dream note
sisu right at elisângela you laugh train put
the access and intention of Bolsa Família, right, when R $ 600 was created, we decided
we have there, I will return more than 15 million over there
family and the average of the reais so we decided not to pay the first scholarship anymore
400 to get to 600 I know that money for many people is little but
with r $ 600 you can assemble a meal at home nothing more than that you know that there
david is exclusive ok so it's the end of the republic the government is you even if
helping with this emergency aid of 600 already spada of
and the governors there have a plan for each state to return to normality that
competence is theirs the sky of the mayors as I had with marcelo crivella today the
mayor of rio de janeiro is talking about the return of football is in the first
moment had many player who is against now one is the other understanding
probably players without fans are in the hands of the mayor
marcelo crivella that depends on the ministry of health right the ministry
It is also favorable for Adam to appear in this sense so that he can enter if
watching a little football Saturday Sunday even helps to let the people in
less stressed home right is very good to see football and the players want
it matters that players want to return to play you see with him how much you don't know
when it will end when it ends this power go up when stopped everyone is ok
lose because of that and sport is life and we have here that
convinced me people there although there are people who love them I believe it costs
also expensive against the government uses for whoever is going to use it to listen clearly and the
dough ends and quickly and becoming there dispense
right and if we say we tell you that the mask avoids contagion
I'll be able to work wearing a mask because if I can't work with a mask
is a sign that low does not work is a simple thing and another thing life
continues and I want to see if the week you wake up
more in her ministry I said I know something there
it is today people call and she said to me that it is with sadness I do not want to record
some identify the king
complaints from men who can’t stand being at home anymore working as a kid
there is a family problem, the increase in domestic violence, other types of
abuses I don't even want to talk here you see bring the weapons of the week saw it fell
I also need to play, talk something to show here all
everyone has to win a responsible return to the service
good morning I say gentlemen governors respectfully people who
they just decided I'm sending opinions suggestions right the state
if you have a pleasure opening radical opening forcing the dough without moulting not
knowledge of knowing the governor who will be recognized because the
The population's guilt anxiety is huge, right? We are counting the poor and
miserable 38 million to report that right forró that guy you call
ok is to set the generation to your home I really like doing that then I can
do more, right, you pass on the street when a cat barbecue there full of
fat I have more pain in that frame [ __ ] a coke for the tail
of him inside right when I ate sleep sorry then the doctors tell us less
do not take coca-cola affects, just say that I’m wrong will put a glue that
buy them left let me in badly whatever I want here so I put in what
whether it takes takes that he wants took the doesn’t keep making waves like
and former health minister humberto costa do pt filed for a petition at tcu
to render void the recommendation of the interim minister of health in general
after the codex error has not
and when you remember here you didn't give it to me in oil when hiv appeared
in the 80s olive oil was also a terror can't you want there as well
at first it was seen that it is only used later it saw what god I was
perfect again and the question of gauze exists today you have to
take care obviously but without treatment your machine may be
be it center it can be that it is nothing does it imagine back
if you have his father and his mother has 7072, the next time I’m 65 93
let's suppose that my brother calls in the political eldorado said mommy jair here
it was positive for the yarn clan and then I still need to send her
rest right our life rest now if you have hydroxychloroquine
a lot of doctor people saying it worked because my mom can't get the doctor
there he and take the hydroxychloroquine I will have to follow the guidance of the tv on the pc
the guidance the decision that will go to give the tcu and that can not use I already
I put it is I don’t know how serious it was because if it were my mother there would be
and picking up, right, catching it here, right in a coma 10 square army that’s no use
is that money story the side effect can die is sun
any remedy but I did not find it has no remedy that does not have the side effect
resumed the excess dies or have serious problems will ask you too much water
kills doesn’t kill and inside, stop there
guaíba there in porto alegre help from brazil there the amazonas river from rio negro
jumps inside with the stone around his neck and keeps drinking water for two hours
with you anything in excess kills now question of laughter voice filaments but
do not have to have the courage to face is that I say tends to 60 days is with a
rain is already out there you will get wet no one disputes here around
seventy percent of the population will acquire a virus you were how many but
I do not know if to purchase the plane that the video United States 32 places 23 23
receive until you're ok joão heleno cid 23 i didn't get it so i got it
oh ok what every day passing here at dawn
so horny with milk there in my face I took a color in front of them
with tired red eye and also with this one I did three exams the
state of são paulo doubtful this guy wakes up lost
the mason after losing the ugly barbecue
there are 14 thousand people om his I'm in court not to have the fake barbecue
are going to lose tomorrow i'm advancing the decision of minister celso de mello no
there is nothing or a clue that may interfere with the federal police in those
two o debts with your piece your whole life has to be reserved has
particularity there that matters in the rest what I said and two little pieces
15 seconds that the foreign policy position that cannot disclose the rest
discloses and has a lot of bad words ok just do not attend the reserved meeting
supply resolve to disclose I will comply with the court decision you are right
it is the same you join with overcoming work or press to make a
expletives and expletives in the other's place but it happens there how can you disclose
this one is that I hope the sky should make the decision now the most
important decision he will say if in tarcísio will answer that I was me
was right but the eye a word talking about police expert federal police is
to change the federal police is to interfere in the superintendence of rio de janeiro
another state has a given moment that I speak here I christic this intelligence
intelligence of the PF beyond those of the three armed forces and
also a little criticism to me ok guys thank you very much for we just
emphasize the following present in this issue of the São Paulo network we have
to go to weave to trust and the guy will do six months of
investment is because you are trusting in brazil is that i believe that brazil will
make sure that brazil was right even all these gods above all one
hugs to all and thank you elisângela I need until next week if god
want to and then